clarify context key use (#458)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/context.md

## Create a key

Keys are used to allow cross-cutting concerns to control access to their local state.
They are unique such that other libraries which may use the same context
cannot accidentally use the same key. It is recommended that concerns mediate
data access via an API, rather than provide direct public access to their keys.

The API MUST accept the following parameter:

> - The key name. The key name exists for debugging purposes and does not uniquely identify the key. Multiple calls to `CreateKey` with the same name are not expected to return the same value. Different languages may impose different restrictions on the expected types, so this parameter remains an implementation detail.

Reviewer: They "are not expected to" sounds quite vague. Should this mean they MAY but don't have to or they MUST NOT return the same value?

Author: it is left intentionally vague. For instance erlang needs it to return the same value every time due to language constraints, but for most languages each call should return a separate unique key.

@tsloughter please confirm that is correct? ^

What about this?

```suggestion
- The key name. The key name exists for debugging purposes and does not uniquely identify the key. Multiple calls to `CreateKey` with the same name SHOULD NOT return the same value unless language constraints dictate otherwise. Different languages may impose different restrictions on the expected types, so this parameter remains an implementation detail.
```

Reviewer 2: I think you could include this part as part of "Different languages may impose..." to denote this **is** tied to the language/implementation (just as the different expected types).

Otherwise looks good to me!

Reviewer: @dyladan Your suggestion sounds good, thx!

Author: @carlosalberto that section is specifically relating to the type of the parameter, not its expected output. Do you have an alternate suggestion for the wording? Perhaps this? Personally I like the first suggestion better.

```suggestion
- The key name. The key name exists for debugging purposes and does not uniquely identify the key. Multiple calls to `CreateKey` with the same name SHOULD NOT return the same value. Different languages may impose different restrictions, so in some cases it may not be possible to return unique keys for the same input and this parameter's type remains an implementation detail.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm fine with both options - the thing I meant, is that the type of the key and the same-name situation are language dependent, so we could group them ;) 

Please apply the change you feel the most comfortable with (the first one, I'm guessing) and we are ready to roll :)
